Add support for x scope org id header in loki source api (#1805)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.api.md

}
```

### Technical details

> `loki.source.api` filters out all labels that start with `__` like `__tenant_id__`.
> 
> If you need to be able to set the tenant id, you should either make sure the `X-Scope-OrgID` header or use the `loki.process` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`loki.source.api` filters out all labels that start with `__`, for example,  `__tenant_id__`.

If you need to be able to set the tenant ID, you must either make sure the `X-Scope-OrgID` header or use the [`loki.process`][loki.process] component.

[loki.process]: ../loki.process/
```

Add a link back to loki.process... 

and `make sure the X-Scope-OrgID header` is what? Available, set to something?  There's a bit missing here.

Author: You're right, it's fixed thanks :)

}
```

### Technical details

`loki.source.api` filters out all labels that start with `__`, for example,  `__tenant_id__`.

> If you need to be able to set the tenant ID, you must either make sure the `X-Scope-OrgID` header or use the [`loki.process`][loki.process] component.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to be able to set the tenant ID, you must either make sure the `X-Scope-OrgID` header is present or use the [`loki.process`][loki.process] component.
```
